moving PL to public beta (#9259)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/platform/secure/private-connectivity/aws/snowflake.md

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-platform/snowflake-internal-stage-dns.png" title="Internal Stage DNS"/>

## Configuring network policies

> If your organization uses [Snowflake Network Policies](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/network-policies) to restrict access to your Snowflake account, you need to add a network rule for <Constant name="dbt" />. Snowflake supports two network rule types: VPCE ID-based (recommended) and IP/CIDR-based. The following steps use VPCE ID. If your organization requires an IP-based network policy instead, the CIDR range isn't available in the <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> UI. Please contact [dbt Support](mailto:support@getdbt.com) to get it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your organization uses [Snowflake Network Policies](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/network-policies) to restrict access to your Snowflake account, you need to add a network rule for <Constant name="dbt" />. Snowflake supports two network rule types: VPCE ID-based (recommended) and IP/CIDR-based. The following steps use VPCE ID. If your organization requires an IP-based network policy instead, the CIDR range isn't available in the <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> UI. Please contact [dbt Support](mailto:support@getdbt.com) to obtain the CIDR range.
```

> If your organization uses [Snowflake Network Policies](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/network-policies) to restrict access to your Snowflake account, you need to add a network rule for <Constant name="dbt" />. Snowflake supports two network rule types: VPCE ID-based (recommended) and IP/CIDR-based. The following steps use VPCE ID. If your organization requires an IP-based network policy instead, the CIDR range isn't available in the <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> UI. Please contact [dbt Support](mailto:support@getdbt.com) to obtain the CIDR range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your organization uses [Snowflake Network Policies](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/network-policies) to restrict access to your Snowflake account, you need to add a network rule for <Constant name="dbt" />. Snowflake supports two network rule types: VPCE ID-based (recommended) and IP/CIDR-based. The following steps use VPCE ID. If your organization requires an IP-based network policy instead, the CIDR range isn't available in the <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> UI. Please contact [dbt Support](mailto:support@getdbt.com) to get it.
```
